Requirements:
1. The system must be able to interact with a Java source file: read the file, identify comments or comment blocks, and extract the words in them.
2. The system must have a no backup mode, where the system overwrites the original file after corrections have been applied.
3. The system must also have a backup mode, where the system must create a .bak file containing the original contents from the original file and store it in a location folder specified by the user before the system overwrites the original file with corrections. The .bak file naming convention must follow the format: [original file name w/ extension] + ".bak" for the first backup of a file and [original file name w/ extension] + ".bak" + ".000" respectively for each backup of that same file name after the first backup copy. For example the 8th backup of the file "list.txt" would be "list.txt.bak.006"

4. The system must find and identify all Java variables, functions, and Javadoc names and add them to an exclusion list. The system must not change or suggest changes to words in the exclusion list if they appear in the file to be checked.
5. The system must read user preferences from a .config file (precision mode, backup directory, whitelisted words).
6. The system allows the user to configure the automation level and backup destination folder in the .config file.
7. The system must output a file with the list of words changed, what they are changed into, and which line the change is on. 
8. The system must take the user’s input for 0-10, corresponding to the automation level 0-10, where 0 is fully manual checking and 10 is fully automatic. See requirement 9 for more info.
9. The system must quantify each word into an integer between 0 and 100, which describes the percentage similarity to the most similar word in the dictionary. This is then compared to automation100 to decide whether the correction should be automatic or manual. If the value is greater than or equal to the automation level, automatic correction will occur with the top word result. If not, the top 10 similar words will appear for the user to select manually. See requirement 11 for more details.
10. The system must prompt the user to manually choose a word from a list of words if the number of letters being corrected exceeds the automation level or if the similarity score is the same. Otherwise, it will proceed with the correction automatically.
11. The system must offer the top 5 word result corrections based on the difference in the number of characters in the original verse proposed corrected word. Additionally, the distance from the original character key position on the keyboard to the replacement character key position will factor into the word correction ranking. The further a replacement key is from the original key position, the lower its score. 
